[rollout-operator] Enable setting containers.extraArgs (#3682)
grafana/helm-charts: charts/rollout-operator/README.md

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |

> | extraArgs | list | `[]` | List of additional cli arguments to configure agent-operator (example: `--log.level`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| extraArgs | list | `[]` | List of additional cli arguments to configure rollout-operator (example: `--log.level=info`) |
```

> | extraArgs | list | `[]` | List of additional cli arguments to configure rollout-operator (example: `--log.level=info`) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| extraArgs | list | `[]` | List of additional CLI arguments to configure rollout-operator (example: `--log.level=info`) |
```
DCO check looks stuck, adding a suggestion to see if it helps.
